lite/examples/image_classification/ios/README.md, before:

# TensorFlow Lite image classification iOS example application

## Overview

This is an example application for [TensorFlow Lite](https://tensorflow.org/lite)
on iOS. It uses [Image classification](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/models/image_classification/overview)
to continuously classify whatever it sees from the device's back camera, using
a quantized MobileNet model. The application must be run on device.

These instructions walk you through building and
running the demo on an iOS device. For an explanation of the source, see
[TensorFlow Lite iOS image classification example](https://github.com/tensorflow/examples/blob/master/lite/examples/image_classification/ios/EXPLORE_THE_CODE.md).

<!-- TODO(b/124116863): Add app screenshot. -->

### Model
For details of the model used, visit [Image classification](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/models/image_classification/overview).

The model will be downloaded as part of the build process.

### iOS app details

The app is written entirely in Swift and uses the TensorFlow Lite
[Swift library](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/lite/swift)
for performing image classification.

Note: Objective-C developers should use the TensorFlow Lite
[Objective-C library](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/lite/objc).

## Requirements

*   Device with iOS 12.0 or above

*   Xcode 10.0 or above

*   Valid Apple Developer ID

*   Xcode command-line tools (run `xcode-select --install`)

*   [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) (run `sudo gem install cocoapods`)

If this is a new install, you will need to run the Xcode application once to
agree to the license before continuing.

Note: The demo app requires a camera and must be executed on a real iOS device.
You can build it and run with the iPhone Simulator, but the app will raise a
`Camera not found` exception.

## Build and run

1.  Clone this GitHub repository to your workstation. `git clone
    https://github.com/tensorflow/examples.git`

2.  Install the pod to generate the workspace file: `cd
    examples/lite/examples/image_classification/ios && pod install`

Note: If you have installed this pod before and that command doesn't work, try
`pod update`.

At the end of this step you should have a directory called
`ImageClassification.xcworkspace`.

1.  Open the project in Xcode with the following command: `open
    ImageClassification.xcworkspace`

This launches Xcode and opens the `ImageClassification` project.

1.  Select the `ImageClassification` project in the left hand navigation to open
    the project configuration. In the **Signing** section of the **General**
    tab, select your development team from the dropdown.

2.  In order to build the project, you must modify the **Bundle Identifier** in
    the **Identity** section so that it is unique across all Xcode projects. To
    create a unique identifier, try adding your initials and a number to the end
    of the string.

3.  With an iOS device connected, build and run the app in Xcode.

You'll have to grant permissions for the app to use the device's camera. Point
the camera at various objects and enjoy seeing how the model classifies things!

## Model references
_Do not delete the empty references_ to the .tflite and .txt files after you
clone the repo and open the project. These references will be fulfilled once the
model and label files are downloaded when the application is built and run for
the first time. If you delete the references to them, you can still find that
the .tflite and .txt files are downloaded to the Model folder, the next time you
build the application. You will have to add the references to these files in the
bundle separately in that case.

Commit message:

Migrate the image classification iOS sample app to use TFLite Task Library.
PiperOrigin-RevId: 456660601

lite/examples/image_classification/ios/README.md, after:

# TensorFlow Lite image classification iOS example application

## Overview

This is an example application for [TensorFlow Lite](https://tensorflow.org/lite)
on iOS. It uses [Image classification](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/models/image_classification/overview)
to continuously classify whatever it sees from the device's back camera, using
a quantized MobileNet model. The application must be run on device.

These instructions walk you through building and
running the demo on an iOS device.

<!-- TODO(b/124116863): Add app screenshot. -->

### Model

For details of the model used, visit [Image classification](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/models/image_classification/overview).

The model will be downloaded as part of the build process.

### iOS app details

The app is written entirely in Swift and uses the TensorFlow Lite Task Library's
ImageClassifier(https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/inference_with_metadata/task_library/image_classifier#run_inference_in_ios)
for performing image classification.

Note: Objective-C developers should use the TensorFlow Lite Task Library's
[Objective-C API](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/inference_with_metadata/task_library/image_classifier#objective_c).

## Requirements

*   Device with iOS 12.0 or above

*   Xcode 13.0 or above

*   Valid Apple Developer ID

*   Xcode command-line tools (run `xcode-select --install`)

*   [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) (run `sudo gem install cocoapods`)

If this is a new install, you will need to run the Xcode application once to
agree to the license before continuing.

Note: The demo app requires a camera and must be executed on a real iOS device.
You can build it and run with the iPhone Simulator, but the app will raise a
`Camera not found` exception.

## Build and run

1.  Clone this GitHub repository to your workstation. `git clone
    https://github.com/tensorflow/examples.git`

2.  Install the pod to generate the workspace file: `cd
    examples/lite/examples/image_classification/ios && pod install`

Note: If you have installed this pod before and that command doesn't work, try
`pod update`.

At the end of this step you should have a directory called
`ImageClassification.xcworkspace`.

1.  Open the project in Xcode with the following command: `open
    ImageClassification.xcworkspace`

This launches Xcode and opens the `ImageClassification` project.

1.  Select the `ImageClassification` project in the left hand navigation to open
    the project configuration. In the **Signing** section of the **General**
    tab, select your development team from the dropdown.

2.  In order to build the project, you must modify the **Bundle Identifier** in
    the **Identity** section so that it is unique across all Xcode projects. To
    create a unique identifier, try adding your initials and a number to the end
    of the string.

3.  With an iOS device connected, build and run the app in Xcode.

You'll have to grant permissions for the app to use the device's camera. Point
the camera at various objects and enjoy seeing how the model classifies things!

## Model references

_Do not delete the empty references_ to the .tflite files after you
clone the repo and open the project. These references will be fulfilled once the
model files are downloaded when the application is built and run for
the first time. If you delete the references to them, you can still find that
the .tflite files are downloaded to the `TFLite` folder, the next time you
build the application. You will have to add the references to these files in the
bundle separately in that case.
